README.md, before:

<div id="header" align="center">
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/M9gbBd9nbDrOTu1Mqx/giphy.gif" width="100"/>
  <div id="badges">
  <a href="your-linkedin-URL">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn Badge"/>
  </a>
  <a href="your-youtube-URL">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-red?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&logoColor=white" alt="Youtube Badge"/>
  </a>
  <a href="your-twitter-URL">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white" alt="Twitter Badge"/>
  </a>
</div>
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Devrishi-Dutta&style=flat-square&color=blue" alt=""/>
  <h1>
  hey there
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/hvRJCLFzcasrR4ia7z/giphy.gif" width="30px"/>
</h1>
</div>
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/dWesBcTLavkZuG35MI/giphy.gif" width="600" height="300"/>
</div>
---

### :man_technologist: About Me :
I am a Full Stack Developer <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/WUlplcMpOCEmTGBtBW/giphy.gif" width="30"> from India.
- :telescope: I’m doing my btech in Computer Science and contributing to frontend and backend for building web applications.

- :seedling: Exploring Technical Content Writing.

- :zap: In my free time, I solve problems on Leetcode and read tech articles.

- :mailbox:How to reach me: [![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-kakbar-blue?style=flat&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white)](http://www.linkedin.com/in/devrishi-dutta-2389aa230)
---

### :hammer_and_wrench: Languages and Tools :
<div>
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" title="React" alt="React" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/css3/css3-plain-wordmark.svg"  title="CSS3" alt="CSS" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" title="HTML5" alt="HTML" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" title="JavaScript" alt="JavaScript" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" title="NodeJS" alt="NodeJS" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/git/git-original-wordmark.svg" title="Git" **alt="Git" width="40" height="40"/>
</div>
---

### :fire: My Stats :
<div><a href="https://git.io/streak-stats"><img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=Devrishi-Dutta" alt="GitHub Streak" /></a></div>

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Devrishi-Dutta&layout=compact&theme=vision-friendly-light)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

















<!--
**Devrishi-Dutta/Devrishi-Dutta** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Add Holopin badges to README.md

README.md, after:

<div id="header" align="center">
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/M9gbBd9nbDrOTu1Mqx/giphy.gif" width="100"/>
  <div id="badges">
  <a href="your-linkedin-URL">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn Badge"/>
  </a>
  <a href="your-youtube-URL">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-red?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&logoColor=white" alt="Youtube Badge"/>
  </a>
  <a href="your-twitter-URL">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white" alt="Twitter Badge"/>
  </a>
</div>
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Devrishi-Dutta&style=flat-square&color=blue" alt=""/>
  <h1>
  hey there
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/hvRJCLFzcasrR4ia7z/giphy.gif" width="30px"/>
</h1>
</div>
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/dWesBcTLavkZuG35MI/giphy.gif" width="600" height="300"/>
</div>
---

### :man_technologist: About Me :
I am a Full Stack Developer <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/WUlplcMpOCEmTGBtBW/giphy.gif" width="30"> from India.
- :telescope: I’m doing my btech in Computer Science and contributing to frontend and backend for building web applications.

- :seedling: Exploring Technical Content Writing.

- :zap: In my free time, I solve problems on Leetcode and read tech articles.

- :mailbox:How to reach me: [![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-kakbar-blue?style=flat&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white)](http://www.linkedin.com/in/devrishi-dutta-2389aa230)
---

### :hammer_and_wrench: Languages and Tools :
<div>
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" title="React" alt="React" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/css3/css3-plain-wordmark.svg"  title="CSS3" alt="CSS" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" title="HTML5" alt="HTML" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" title="JavaScript" alt="JavaScript" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" title="NodeJS" alt="NodeJS" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/git/git-original-wordmark.svg" title="Git" **alt="Git" width="40" height="40"/>
</div>
---

### :fire: My Stats :
<div><a href="https://git.io/streak-stats"><img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=Devrishi-Dutta" alt="GitHub Streak" /></a></div>

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Devrishi-Dutta&layout=compact&theme=vision-friendly-light)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
---

### :fire: Holopin badges :

[![An image of @devrishidutta's Holopin badges, which is a link to view their full Holopin profile](https://holopin.me/devrishidutta)](https://holopin.io/@devrishidutta)
